Zain Siddiqi - Incremental development 

1st version
The system should be able to include multiple semesters, print-outs of schedules, and scheduling preferences. 
 The system as a whole and all components must be tested thoroughly
Base user class
  students – can register, can see available courses and their own schedule.
  instructor – can see available courses and their own course roster.
  admin – can see everything, can edit courses/users/schedules.
Students  will be able to see all instructors and classes and create a schedule
  Display a list of all instructors – ID, first name, last name, CRN
  Course numbers and CRN, course name, times, and instructor
 Implement and test these requirements.
Next version
Add students and instructor and admin information
    -Students can have their own schedule view and register 
    -Can view and update their schedule and also add pre made schedules 
    -Can view and update instructors and also list of instructors
Instructors can see their classlist and also view the course schedule
    -See available courses and edit course roster
Admin can view everything about each instructor and student 
    -Edit restricted classes for students and change info for every user
Next version
    -Add in system alerts (course not available crn not found, etc)
Implement and test.
    Final version
Add in the functionality to add or drop classes.
    Implement and test.

/* Comments - Ethan McFetridge
I really like the idea of starting with the scheduling system and working outwards from there - could help to have a 'big picture' early and then work on the finer details in future versions
Not really sure what you meant by pre made schedules on line 17, do you mean some type of sample schedule just for testing? Or is it something else that would be part of the final system
For the proposed third version, I think it might be best to work in the alerts as each functionality related to them is implemented, otherwise it might get a bit messy trying to add error handling towards the very end
*/

/* Comments - Santino Nardolillo
Agreed with previous comment, scheduling is solid idea from the start. This way, it allows for us to get a broader understanding of how to approach it without having any specifics regarding course information and further. Unsure on premade schedules. Database information regarding how they will be implemented could also be included, such as how the courses will be listed (ID, Type of User) etc.
*/





